---
id: 825
title: The Eye of Agamotto
date: 2016-04-30T02:02:13+00:00
author: POP CULTURE INTELLIGENTSIA
excerpt: |
  <p>
  
  </p><p>By the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth, today on Pop Culture Intelligentsia Mikel OD and I review the trailer for Marvel&rsquo;s Doctor Strange!</p>
  
  
  
  <h2>Show Notes &amp; Links</h2>
  
  <ul><li><em><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_v_Superman:_Dawn_of_Justice">Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice</a></em><br><em>Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice</em> is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. It is a follow-up to 2013&rsquo;s <em>Man of Steel</em> and the second installment in the DC Extended Universe. The film is directed by Zack Snyder, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, with a screenplay by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast including Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot. <em>Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice</em> is the first live-action film to feature both Batman and Superman, as well as the first theatrical film to feature live-action portrayals of Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and the Flash. In the film, eccentric criminal mastermind Lex Luthor, obsessed with defeating Superman, manipulates Batman into preemptively battling him, before they unite with Wonder Woman to fight another threat.</li>
  
  <li><em><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars:_Episode_I_%E2%80%93_The_Phantom_Menace">Star Wars: Episode I &ndash; The Phantom Menace</a></em><br><em>Star Wars: Episode I &ndash; The Phantom Menace</em> is a 1999 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first installment in the Star Wars prequel trilogy and stars Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, Ian McDiarmid, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Pernilla August and Frank Oz.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange_(film)"><em>Doctor Strange</em> (film)</a><br><em>Doctor Strange</em> is an upcoming American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is intended to be the fourteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Scott Derrickson, who wrote the screenplay with C. Robert Cargill and Jon Spaihts, and stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Michael Stuhlbarg, Mads Mikkelsen, and Tilda Swinton. In <em>Doctor Strange</em>, surgeon Stephen Strange learns from the Ancient One after a career-ending car accident.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange">Doctor Strange</a><br>Doctor Stephen Vincent Strange, best known under his alias Doctor Strange, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by artist and character conceptualist Steve Ditko, the character first appeared in <em>Strange Tales</em> #110 (cover-dated July 1963). A former neurosurgeon, Strange serves as the Sorcerer Supreme, the primary protector of Earth against magical and mystical threats. Debuting in the Silver Age of comics, the character has been featured in several comic book series and adapted in a variety of media including video games, an animated television show, and films. Inspired by storytellings of black magic and <em>Chandu the Magician</em>, Strange was created to bring a different kind of character and themes of mysticism to Marvel Comics.</li>
  
  <li><em><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strange_Tales">Strange Tales</a></em><br><em>Strange Tales</em> is a Marvel Comics anthology series title that appeared and was revived in different forms on multiple occasions throughout the company&rsquo;s history. The title introduced the features &ldquo;Doctor Strange&rdquo; and &ldquo;Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.&rdquo;, and was a showcase for the science fiction/suspense stories of artists Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, and for the groundbreaking work of writer-artist Jim Steranko. Two previous, unrelated magazines also bore that title.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_One">Ancient One</a><br>The Ancient One is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He was the mentor of Doctor Strange and existed as the &ldquo;Sorcerer Supreme&rdquo;, a title he won during the 20th century AD.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baron_Mordo">Baron Mordo</a><br>Baron Karl Amadeus Mordo (known as Baron Mordo) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly as an adversary of Doctor Strange. The character was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, and first appeared in <em>Strange Tales</em> #111 (August 1963). Baron Mordo is a gifted magician, especially adept in the black arts of magic, including summoning demons.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_Nurse_(comics)">Night Nurse (comics)</a><br><em>Night Nurse</em> is the name of a Marvel Comics comic book series published in the early 1970s, as well as the alter ego later taken on by one of its characters, Linda Carter. Carter was one of three central characters, created by writer Jean Thomas, who first appeared in Night Nurse #1 (cover-dated Nov. 1972), though she was previously the lead of another Marvel series published in 1961. Carter later adopted the name &ldquo;Night Nurse&rdquo; for herself, and in this incarnation first appeared in Daredevil vol. 2, #58 (May 2004), written by Brian Michael Bendis, as a medical professional specializing in helping injured superheroes.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daredevil_(TV_series)"><em>Daredevil</em> (TV series)</a><br><em>Marvel&rsquo;s Daredevil</em>, or simply <em>Daredevil</em>, is an American web television series created for Netflix by Drew Goddard, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise, and is the first in a series of shows that will lead up to a Defenders crossover miniseries. The series is produced by Marvel Television in association with ABC Studios and Goddard Textiles, with DeKnight Productions for the first season. Steven S. DeKnight serves as showrunner on the first season, with Doug Petrie and Marco Ramirez taking over for the second; Goddard serves as a consultant on both seasons.</li>
  
  <li><em><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange:_The_Oath">Doctor Strange: The Oath</a></em><br><em>Doctor Strange: The Oath</em> is a comic book limited series written by Brian K. Vaughan, drawn by Marcos Martin, published by Marvel Comics and starring the superhero Doctor Strange.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benedict_Cumberbatch">Benedict Cumberbatch</a><br>Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch CBE (born 19 July 1976) is an English actor and film producer who has performed in film, television, theatre and radio. The son of actors Timothy Carlton and Wanda Ventham, he graduated from the University of Manchester and continued his training at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, obtaining a Master of Arts in Classical Acting. He first performed at the Open Air Theatre, Regent&rsquo;s Park in Shakespearean productions such as <em>Love&rsquo;s Labour&rsquo;s Lost</em> (2001), <em>A Midsummer Night&rsquo;s Dream</em> (2001), and <em>Romeo and Juliet</em> (2002). He also portrayed George Tesman in Richard Eyre&rsquo;s revival of <em>Hedda Gabler</em> in 2005 and since then has starred in the Royal National Theatre productions <em>After the Dance</em> (2010) and <em>Frankenstein</em> (2011). In 2015, he played William Shakespeare&rsquo;s <em>Hamlet</em> at the Barbican Theatre.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_McAdams">Rachel McAdams</a><br>Rachel Anne McAdams (born November 17, 1978) is a Canadian actress. After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001, she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie (2002) (for which she received a Genie Award nomination), the comedy film M<em>My Name Is Tanino</em> (2002), and the comedy miniseries <em>Slings and Arrows</em> (for which she won a Gemini Award). In 2002, she made her Hollywood film debut in the comedy <em>The Hot Chick</em>. McAdams found fame in 2004, with the character of Regina George in the comedy <em>Mean Girls</em> and with her performance in the romantic drama <em>The Notebook</em>. In 2005, she starred in the romantic comedy <em>Wedding Crashers</em>, the psychological thriller <em>Red Eye</em>, and the family comedy-drama <em>The Family Stone</em>. She was hailed by the media as Hollywood&rsquo;s new &ldquo;it girl&rdquo;, and received a BAFTA nomination for Best Rising Star.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherlock_(TV_series)"><em>Sherlock</em> (TV series)</a><br><em>Sherlock</em> is a British-American crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle&rsquo;s Sherlock Holmes detective stories. Created by Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss, it stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Doctor John Watson. Ten episodes have been produced, with three-part series airing in 2010, 2012 and 2014, and a special episode airing on 1 January 2016. A fourth series has been commissioned, to begin filming in April 2016 for an intended 2017 release. The series is set in the present day, while the one-off special partly features a Victorian period fantasy resembling the original Holmes stories. <em>Sherlock</em> is a co-production between the BBC and WGBH Boston for its <em>Masterpiece</em> anthology series on PBS, with Sue Vertue and Elaine Cameron of Hartswood Films serving as producers. The series is primarily filmed in Cardiff, Wales, with North Gower Street in London used for exterior shots of Holmes and Watson&rsquo;s 221B Baker Street residence.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_(TV_series)"><em>House</em> (TV series)</a><br><em>House</em> (also called <em>House, M.D.</em>) is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The show&rsquo;s main character is Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), a pain medication-dependent, unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton&ndash;Plainsboro Teaching Hospital (PPTH) in New Jersey. The show&rsquo;s premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character. The show&rsquo;s executive producers included Shore, Attanasio, Attanasio&rsquo;s business partner Katie Jacobs, and film director Bryan Singer. It was filmed largely in Century City.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Ditko">Steve Ditko</a><br>Stephen J. &ldquo;Steve&rdquo; Ditko (born November 2, 1927) is an American comic book artist and writer best known as the artist and co-creator, with Stan Lee, of the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man, and as creator of the supernatural hero Doctor Strange.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phantom_Stranger">Phantom Stranger</a><br>The Phantom Stranger is a fictional character, of unspecified paranormal origins, who battles mysterious and occult forces in various titles published by DC Comics, sometimes under their Vertigo imprint.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_of_Agamotto">Eye of Agamotto</a><br>The Eye of Agamotto is a fictional mystical item appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular those featuring Doctor Strange. The Eye of Agamotto is the name commonly given to the amulet Strange wears on his chest, though the Eye actually resides within the amulet and is released from time to time. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, it first appeared in &ldquo;The Origin of Dr. Strange&rdquo;, an eight-page story in Strange Tales #128 (December 1963). In designing the Eye, Ditko drew inspiration from the real world charm The All Seeing Eye of the Buddha, known among Buddhists as The Amulet of Snail Martyrs, a Nepali symbol meant to protect its wearer against evil.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiwetel_Ejiofor">Chiwetel Ejiofor</a><br>Chiwetel Ejiofor, born 10 July 1977) is a British actor.[5] After enrolling at the National Youth Theatre in 1995, and gaining a scholarship to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, at age 19 and three months into his course, Ejiofor was cast by Steven Spielberg to play a supporting part in the film Amistad as James Covey.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenity_(film)"><em>Serenity</em> film</a><br><em>Serenity</em> is a 2005 American space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon. It is a continuation of Whedon&rsquo;s short-lived 2002 Fox science fiction television series <em>Firefly</em> and stars the same cast, taking place after the events of the final episode. Set in 2517, Serenity is the story of the captain and crew of <em>Serenity</em>, a &ldquo;<em>Firefly</em>-class&rdquo; spaceship. The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War, having fought on the losing Independent side against the Alliance. Their lives of smuggling and cargo-running are interrupted by a psychic passenger who harbors a dangerous secret.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefly_(TV_series)"><em>Firefly</em> TV series</a><br><em>Firefly</em> is an American space western drama television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon, under his Mutant Enemy Productions label. Whedon served as an executive producer, along with Tim Minear. The series is set in the year 2517, after the arrival of humans in a new star system and follows the adventures of the renegade crew of <em>Serenity</em>, a &ldquo;<em>Firefly</em>-class&rdquo; spaceship. The ensemble cast portrays the nine characters who live on Serenity. Whedon pitched the show as &ldquo;nine people looking into the blackness of space and seeing nine different things&rdquo;.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redbelt"><em>Redbelt</em></a><br><em>Redbelt</em> is a 2008 American martial arts film written and directed by David Mamet and starring Chiwetel Ejiofor. The cast also includes Tim Allen, Joe Mantegna, Ricky Jay, Emily Mortimer, Alice Braga and Rebecca Pidgeon, as well as a number of martial-arts professionals. The film opened in wide release in the United States and Canada on May 9, 2008.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tilda_Swinton">Tilda Swinton</a><br>Katherine Matilda &ldquo;Tilda&rdquo; Swinton of Kimmerghame (born 5 November 1960) is an Anglo-Scottish actress, performance artist, model, and fashion icon, known for both arthouse and mainstream films. She began her career in films directed by Derek Jarman, starting with <em>Caravaggio</em> in 1985. In 1991, Swinton won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the Venice Film Festival for her performance as Isabella of France in <em>Edward II</em>. She next starred in Sally Potter&rsquo;s <em>Orlando</em> in 1992 and was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Actress.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shadow">The Shadow</a><br>The Shadow is a vigilante crimefighter appearing in a wide variety of media. One of the most famous adventure heroes of the twentieth century, The Shadow has been featured on the radio, in a long-running pulp magazine series, in comic books, comic strips, television, serials, video games, and at least five films. The radio drama is well remembered for those episodes voiced by Orson Welles.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man_2"><em>Iron Man 2</em></a><br><em>Iron Man 2</em> is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008&rsquo;s <em>Iron Man</em>, and is the third film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux, the film stars Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell, Mickey Rourke, and Samuel L. Jackson. Six months after the events of <em>Iron Man</em>, Tony Stark is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the Iron Man technology while also combating his declining health from the arc reactor in his chest. Meanwhile, rogue Russian scientist Ivan Vanko has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own in order to pursue a vendetta against the Stark family, in the process joining forces with Stark&rsquo;s business rival, Justin Hammer.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man_3"><em>Iron Man 3</em></a><br><em>Iron Man 3</em> (stylized onscreen during the end-credits as <em>Iron Man Three)</em> is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008&rsquo;s <em>Iron Man</em> and 2010&rsquo;s <em>Iron Man 2</em>, and the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the &ldquo;Extremis&rdquo; story arc by Warren Ellis. The film stars Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In Iron Man 3, Tony Stark tries to recover from posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers, while investigating a terrorist organization led by the mysterious Mandarin.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandarin_(comics)">Mandarin (comics)</a><br>The Mandarin is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the archenemy of Iron Man.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fantastic_Four_(2015_film)"><em>Fantastic Four</em> (2015 film)</a><br><em>Fantastic Four</em> (stylized as <em>FANT4STIC</em>) is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. It is the third theatrical <em>Fantastic Four</em> film to be distributed by 20th Century Fox, and a reboot of the <em>Fantastic Four</em> film franchise. Directed by Josh Trank, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Slater and Simon Kinberg, the film stars Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell, Toby Kebbell, Reg E. Cathey, and Tim Blake Nelson. In <em>Fantastic Four</em>, the team must learn to harness their superhuman abilities gained from an alternate universe to save Earth from a friend turned enemy.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_America:_Civil_War"><em>Captain America: Civil War</em></a><br><em>Captain America: Civil War</em> is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Captain America, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2011&rsquo;s <em>Captain America: The First Avenger</em> and 2014&rsquo;s <em>Captain America: The Winter Soldie</em>r, and the thirteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, with a screenplay by Christopher Markus &amp; Stephen McFeely, and features Chris Evans leading an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Scarlett Johansson, Sebastian Stan, Anthony Mackie, Don Cheadle, Jeremy Renner, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Rudd, Emily VanCamp, Tom Holland, Frank Grillo, William Hurt, and Daniel Br&uuml;hl. In <em>Captain America: Civil War</em>, an act regulating superhuman activity fractures the Avengers into opposing factions, one led by Steve Rogers and another by Tony Stark.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inception"><em>Inception</em></a><br><em>Inception</em> is a 2010 science fiction heist thriller film written, produced, and directed by Christopher Nolan. The film stars a large ensemble cast that includes Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen Page, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Ken Watanabe, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Michael Caine. DiCaprio plays a professional thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. He is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for a task considered to be impossible: &ldquo;inception&rdquo;, the implantation of another person&rsquo;s idea into a target&rsquo;s subconscious.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swamp_Thing">Swamp Thing</a><br>The Swamp Thing is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe. He is a humanoid/plant elemental creature, created by writer Len Wein and artist Berni Wrightson. Swamp Thing has had several humanoid or monster incarnations in various different storylines. He first appeared in <em>House of Secrets</em> #92 (July 1971) in a stand-alone horror story set in the early 20th century. The character then returned in a solo series, set in the contemporary world and in the general DC continuity. The character is a humanoid mass of vegetable matter who fights to protect his swamp home, the environment in general, and humanity from various supernatural or terrorist threats.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_Marvel_(Marvel_Comics)">Captain Marvel</a><br>Captain Marvel is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel&rsquo;s main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zatanna">Zatanna</a><br>Zatanna Zatara is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine in the DC Comics universe. Created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Murphy Anderson, Zatanna first appeared in <em>Hawkman</em> #4 (October&ndash;November 1964). The character is both a stage magician and a real magician like her father Giovanni &ldquo;John&rdquo; Zatara. She is known for her involvement with the Justice League, her retconned childhood association with Batman, and her crossing of the Vertigo line with characters such as romantic partner John Constantine and prot&eacute;g&eacute; Timothy Hunter. She was ranked fourth in <em>Comics Buyer&rsquo;s Guide&rsquo;s</em> &ldquo;100 Sexiest Women in Comics&rdquo; list.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Fate">Dr. Fate</a><br>Doctor Fate (also known as Fate) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Doctor Fate has appeared in various incarnations, with Doctor Fate being the name of several different individuals in the DC Universe who are a succession of sorcerers. The original version of the character was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Howard Sherman, and first appeared in <em>More Fun Comics</em> #55 (May 1940).</li>
  
  <li><em><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smallville">Smallville</a></em><br><em>Smallville</em> is an American television series developed by writer-producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, based on the DC Comics character Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series, initially broadcast by The WB, premiered on October 16, 2001. After <em>Smallville</em>&rsquo;s fifth season, The WB and UPN merged to form The CW, the series&rsquo; later United States broadcaster. <em>Smallville</em>, which ended its tenth and final season on May 13, 2011, follows Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, before he becomes known as Superman. The first four seasons focus on Clark and his friends in high school. After season five <em>Smallville</em> ventures into adult settings, eventually focusing on his career at the Daily Planet and introducing other DC comic-book superheroes and villains.</li>
  
  <li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moon_Knight">Moon Knight</a><br>Moon Knight is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Doug Moench and Don Perlin, the character first appeared in <em>Werewolf by Night</em> #32 (August 1975).</li>
  
  <li><a href="http://www.comicgeekspeak.com/episodes/comic_geek_speak-2192.php">Comic Geek Speak: #1574</a><br>Praise be to the Vishanti! Chris &lsquo;Sorcerer Supreme&rsquo; Eberle and Adam 'Master of the Mystic Arts&rsquo; Murdough form a cabalistic collaboration to bring you this self-contained Spotlight episode about the Marvel Universe&rsquo;s expert-in-residence on all matters magical, Doctor Strange! We bring you the darksome details of every era in the good doctor&rsquo;s half-century history: his most significant storylines, his most awesome occult opponents, his most entertainingly enigmatic incantations! Download it now, True Believers&ndash;the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak compel you!</li>
  
  </ul><p>&nbsp;</p>
  
  <h2>Hosts</h2>
  
  <p><strong>Joseph Aleo</strong><br>
  Website: <a href="http://josephaleo.com/">http://josephaleo.com</a><br>
  Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/josephaleo">https://twitter.com/josephaleo</a></p>
  
  <p><strong>Mikel OD</strong><br>
  Website: <a href="https://twitter.com/_tlr_">http://digitalracket.tumblr.com/</a><br>
  Twitter: <a href="http://digitalracket.tumblr.com/">https://twitter.com/Mikel_OD</a></p>
  
  
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
  
  <p></p>
layout: post
guid: http://popcultureintelligentsia.com/post/143610045875
permalink: /the-eye-of-agamotto/
enclosure:
  - |
    
    
    
syndication_source:
  - POP CULTURE INTELLIGENTSIA
syndication_source_uri:
  - http://popcultureintelligentsia.com/
syndication_source_id:
  - http://popcultureintelligentsia.com/tagged/podcast/rss
syndication_feed:
  - http://popcultureintelligentsia.com/tagged/podcast/rss
syndication_feed_id:
  - "19"
syndication_permalink:
  - http://popcultureintelligentsia.com/post/143610045875
syndication_item_hash:
  - 40f220f0fcb4349b3b06eaf1cc455e45
categories:
  - comic book
  - doctor strange
  - movies
  - Podcast
  - trailer
---
By the Hoary Hosts of Hoggoth, today on Pop Culture Intelligentsia Mikel OD and I review the trailer for Marvel&rsquo;s Doctor Strange!

## Show Notes & Links

  * _[Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_v_Superman:_Dawn_of_Justice)_  
    _Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice_ is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. It is a follow-up to 2013&rsquo;s _Man of Steel_ and the second installment in the DC Extended Universe. The film is directed by Zack Snyder, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, with a screenplay by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast including Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot. _Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice_ is the first live-action film to feature both Batman and Superman, as well as the first theatrical film to feature live-action portrayals of Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and the Flash. In the film, eccentric criminal mastermind Lex Luthor, obsessed with defeating Superman, manipulates Batman into preemptively battling him, before they unite with Wonder Woman to fight another threat.
  * _[Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars:_Episode_I_%E2%80%93_The_Phantom_Menace)_  
    _Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace_ is a 1999 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is the first installment in the Star Wars prequel trilogy and stars Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, Ian McDiarmid, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Pernilla August and Frank Oz.
  * [_Doctor Strange_ (film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange_(film))  
    _Doctor Strange_ is an upcoming American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is intended to be the fourteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Scott Derrickson, who wrote the screenplay with C. Robert Cargill and Jon Spaihts, and stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Michael Stuhlbarg, Mads Mikkelsen, and Tilda Swinton. In _Doctor Strange_, surgeon Stephen Strange learns from the Ancient One after a career-ending car accident.
  * [Doctor Strange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange)  
    Doctor Stephen Vincent Strange, best known under his alias Doctor Strange, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by artist and character conceptualist Steve Ditko, the character first appeared in _Strange Tales_ #110 (cover-dated July 1963). A former neurosurgeon, Strange serves as the Sorcerer Supreme, the primary protector of Earth against magical and mystical threats. Debuting in the Silver Age of comics, the character has been featured in several comic book series and adapted in a variety of media including video games, an animated television show, and films. Inspired by storytellings of black magic and _Chandu the Magician_, Strange was created to bring a different kind of character and themes of mysticism to Marvel Comics.
  * _[Strange Tales](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strange_Tales)_  
    _Strange Tales_ is a Marvel Comics anthology series title that appeared and was revived in different forms on multiple occasions throughout the company&rsquo;s history. The title introduced the features &ldquo;Doctor Strange&rdquo; and &ldquo;Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.&rdquo;, and was a showcase for the science fiction/suspense stories of artists Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, and for the groundbreaking work of writer-artist Jim Steranko. Two previous, unrelated magazines also bore that title.
  * [Ancient One](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_One)  
    The Ancient One is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He was the mentor of Doctor Strange and existed as the &ldquo;Sorcerer Supreme&rdquo;, a title he won during the 20th century AD.
  * [Baron Mordo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baron_Mordo)  
    Baron Karl Amadeus Mordo (known as Baron Mordo) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly as an adversary of Doctor Strange. The character was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, and first appeared in _Strange Tales_ #111 (August 1963). Baron Mordo is a gifted magician, especially adept in the black arts of magic, including summoning demons.
  * [Night Nurse (comics)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_Nurse_(comics))  
    _Night Nurse_ is the name of a Marvel Comics comic book series published in the early 1970s, as well as the alter ego later taken on by one of its characters, Linda Carter. Carter was one of three central characters, created by writer Jean Thomas, who first appeared in Night Nurse #1 (cover-dated Nov. 1972), though she was previously the lead of another Marvel series published in 1961. Carter later adopted the name &ldquo;Night Nurse&rdquo; for herself, and in this incarnation first appeared in Daredevil vol. 2, #58 (May 2004), written by Brian Michael Bendis, as a medical professional specializing in helping injured superheroes.
  * [_Daredevil_ (TV series)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daredevil_(TV_series))  
    _Marvel&rsquo;s Daredevil_, or simply _Daredevil_, is an American web television series created for Netflix by Drew Goddard, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise, and is the first in a series of shows that will lead up to a Defenders crossover miniseries. The series is produced by Marvel Television in association with ABC Studios and Goddard Textiles, with DeKnight Productions for the first season. Steven S. DeKnight serves as showrunner on the first season, with Doug Petrie and Marco Ramirez taking over for the second; Goddard serves as a consultant on both seasons.
  * _[Doctor Strange: The Oath](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Strange:_The_Oath)_  
    _Doctor Strange: The Oath_ is a comic book limited series written by Brian K. Vaughan, drawn by Marcos Martin, published by Marvel Comics and starring the superhero Doctor Strange.
  * [Benedict Cumberbatch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benedict_Cumberbatch)  
    Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch CBE (born 19 July 1976) is an English actor and film producer who has performed in film, television, theatre and radio. The son of actors Timothy Carlton and Wanda Ventham, he graduated from the University of Manchester and continued his training at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, obtaining a Master of Arts in Classical Acting. He first performed at the Open Air Theatre, Regent&rsquo;s Park in Shakespearean productions such as _Love&rsquo;s Labour&rsquo;s Lost_ (2001), _A Midsummer Night&rsquo;s Dream_ (2001), and _Romeo and Juliet_ (2002). He also portrayed George Tesman in Richard Eyre&rsquo;s revival of _Hedda Gabler_ in 2005 and since then has starred in the Royal National Theatre productions _After the Dance_ (2010) and _Frankenstein_ (2011). In 2015, he played William Shakespeare&rsquo;s _Hamlet_ at the Barbican Theatre.
  * [Rachel McAdams](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_McAdams)  
    Rachel Anne McAdams (born November 17, 1978) is a Canadian actress. After graduating from a four-year theatre program at York University in 2001, she initially worked in Canadian television and film productions such as the drama film Perfect Pie (2002) (for which she received a Genie Award nomination), the comedy film M_My Name Is Tanino_ (2002), and the comedy miniseries _Slings and Arrows_ (for which she won a Gemini Award). In 2002, she made her Hollywood film debut in the comedy _The Hot Chick_. McAdams found fame in 2004, with the character of Regina George in the comedy _Mean Girls_ and with her performance in the romantic drama _The Notebook_. In 2005, she starred in the romantic comedy _Wedding Crashers_, the psychological thriller _Red Eye_, and the family comedy-drama _The Family Stone_. She was hailed by the media as Hollywood&rsquo;s new &ldquo;it girl&rdquo;, and received a BAFTA nomination for Best Rising Star.
  * [_Sherlock_ (TV series)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherlock_(TV_series))  
    _Sherlock_ is a British-American crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle&rsquo;s Sherlock Holmes detective stories. Created by Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss, it stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Doctor John Watson. Ten episodes have been produced, with three-part series airing in 2010, 2012 and 2014, and a special episode airing on 1 January 2016. A fourth series has been commissioned, to begin filming in April 2016 for an intended 2017 release. The series is set in the present day, while the one-off special partly features a Victorian period fantasy resembling the original Holmes stories. _Sherlock_ is a co-production between the BBC and WGBH Boston for its _Masterpiece_ anthology series on PBS, with Sue Vertue and Elaine Cameron of Hartswood Films serving as producers. The series is primarily filmed in Cardiff, Wales, with North Gower Street in London used for exterior shots of Holmes and Watson&rsquo;s 221B Baker Street residence.
  * [_House_ (TV series)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_(TV_series))  
    _House_ (also called _House, M.D._) is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The show&rsquo;s main character is Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), a pain medication-dependent, unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton–Plainsboro Teaching Hospital (PPTH) in New Jersey. The show&rsquo;s premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character. The show&rsquo;s executive producers included Shore, Attanasio, Attanasio&rsquo;s business partner Katie Jacobs, and film director Bryan Singer. It was filmed largely in Century City.
  * [Steve Ditko](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Ditko)  
    Stephen J. &ldquo;Steve&rdquo; Ditko (born November 2, 1927) is an American comic book artist and writer best known as the artist and co-creator, with Stan Lee, of the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man, and as creator of the supernatural hero Doctor Strange.
  * [Phantom Stranger](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phantom_Stranger)  
    The Phantom Stranger is a fictional character, of unspecified paranormal origins, who battles mysterious and occult forces in various titles published by DC Comics, sometimes under their Vertigo imprint.
  * [Eye of Agamotto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_of_Agamotto)  
    The Eye of Agamotto is a fictional mystical item appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular those featuring Doctor Strange. The Eye of Agamotto is the name commonly given to the amulet Strange wears on his chest, though the Eye actually resides within the amulet and is released from time to time. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, it first appeared in &ldquo;The Origin of Dr. Strange&rdquo;, an eight-page story in Strange Tales #128 (December 1963). In designing the Eye, Ditko drew inspiration from the real world charm The All Seeing Eye of the Buddha, known among Buddhists as The Amulet of Snail Martyrs, a Nepali symbol meant to protect its wearer against evil.
  * [Chiwetel Ejiofor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiwetel_Ejiofor)  
    Chiwetel Ejiofor, born 10 July 1977) is a British actor.[5] After enrolling at the National Youth Theatre in 1995, and gaining a scholarship to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, at age 19 and three months into his course, Ejiofor was cast by Steven Spielberg to play a supporting part in the film Amistad as James Covey.
  * [_Serenity_ film](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenity_(film))  
    _Serenity_ is a 2005 American space western film written and directed by Joss Whedon. It is a continuation of Whedon&rsquo;s short-lived 2002 Fox science fiction television series _Firefly_ and stars the same cast, taking place after the events of the final episode. Set in 2517, Serenity is the story of the captain and crew of _Serenity_, a &ldquo;_Firefly_-class&rdquo; spaceship. The captain and first mate are veterans of the Unification War, having fought on the losing Independent side against the Alliance. Their lives of smuggling and cargo-running are interrupted by a psychic passenger who harbors a dangerous secret.
  * [_Firefly_ TV series](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firefly_(TV_series))  
    _Firefly_ is an American space western drama television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon, under his Mutant Enemy Productions label. Whedon served as an executive producer, along with Tim Minear. The series is set in the year 2517, after the arrival of humans in a new star system and follows the adventures of the renegade crew of _Serenity_, a &ldquo;_Firefly_-class&rdquo; spaceship. The ensemble cast portrays the nine characters who live on Serenity. Whedon pitched the show as &ldquo;nine people looking into the blackness of space and seeing nine different things&rdquo;.
  * [_Redbelt_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redbelt)  
    _Redbelt_ is a 2008 American martial arts film written and directed by David Mamet and starring Chiwetel Ejiofor. The cast also includes Tim Allen, Joe Mantegna, Ricky Jay, Emily Mortimer, Alice Braga and Rebecca Pidgeon, as well as a number of martial-arts professionals. The film opened in wide release in the United States and Canada on May 9, 2008.
  * [Tilda Swinton](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tilda_Swinton)  
    Katherine Matilda &ldquo;Tilda&rdquo; Swinton of Kimmerghame (born 5 November 1960) is an Anglo-Scottish actress, performance artist, model, and fashion icon, known for both arthouse and mainstream films. She began her career in films directed by Derek Jarman, starting with _Caravaggio_ in 1985. In 1991, Swinton won the Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the Venice Film Festival for her performance as Isabella of France in _Edward II_. She next starred in Sally Potter&rsquo;s _Orlando_ in 1992 and was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Actress.
  * [The Shadow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shadow)  
    The Shadow is a vigilante crimefighter appearing in a wide variety of media. One of the most famous adventure heroes of the twentieth century, The Shadow has been featured on the radio, in a long-running pulp magazine series, in comic books, comic strips, television, serials, video games, and at least five films. The radio drama is well remembered for those episodes voiced by Orson Welles.
  * [_Iron Man 2_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man_2)  
    _Iron Man 2_ is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008&rsquo;s _Iron Man_, and is the third film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux, the film stars Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell, Mickey Rourke, and Samuel L. Jackson. Six months after the events of _Iron Man_, Tony Stark is resisting calls by the United States government to hand over the Iron Man technology while also combating his declining health from the arc reactor in his chest. Meanwhile, rogue Russian scientist Ivan Vanko has developed the same technology and built weapons of his own in order to pursue a vendetta against the Stark family, in the process joining forces with Stark&rsquo;s business rival, Justin Hammer.
  * [_Iron Man 3_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Man_3)  
    _Iron Man 3_ (stylized onscreen during the end-credits as _Iron Man Three)_ is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008&rsquo;s _Iron Man_ and 2010&rsquo;s _Iron Man 2_, and the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the &ldquo;Extremis&rdquo; story arc by Warren Ellis. The film stars Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In Iron Man 3, Tony Stark tries to recover from posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers, while investigating a terrorist organization led by the mysterious Mandarin.
  * [Mandarin (comics)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandarin_(comics))  
    The Mandarin is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the archenemy of Iron Man.
  * [_Fantastic Four_ (2015 film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fantastic_Four_(2015_film))  
    _Fantastic Four_ (stylized as _FANT4STIC_) is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. It is the third theatrical _Fantastic Four_ film to be distributed by 20th Century Fox, and a reboot of the _Fantastic Four_ film franchise. Directed by Josh Trank, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Slater and Simon Kinberg, the film stars Miles Teller, Michael B. Jordan, Kate Mara, Jamie Bell, Toby Kebbell, Reg E. Cathey, and Tim Blake Nelson. In _Fantastic Four_, the team must learn to harness their superhuman abilities gained from an alternate universe to save Earth from a friend turned enemy.
  * [_Captain America: Civil War_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_America:_Civil_War)  
    _Captain America: Civil War_ is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Captain America, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2011&rsquo;s _Captain America: The First Avenger_ and 2014&rsquo;s _Captain America: The Winter Soldie_r, and the thirteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, with a screenplay by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely, and features Chris Evans leading an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Scarlett Johansson, Sebastian Stan, Anthony Mackie, Don Cheadle, Jeremy Renner, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Paul Rudd, Emily VanCamp, Tom Holland, Frank Grillo, William Hurt, and Daniel Brühl. In _Captain America: Civil War_, an act regulating superhuman activity fractures the Avengers into opposing factions, one led by Steve Rogers and another by Tony Stark.
  * [_Inception_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inception)  
    _Inception_ is a 2010 science fiction heist thriller film written, produced, and directed by Christopher Nolan. The film stars a large ensemble cast that includes Leonardo DiCaprio, Ellen Page, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Marion Cotillard, Ken Watanabe, Tom Hardy, Dileep Rao, Cillian Murphy, Tom Berenger, and Michael Caine. DiCaprio plays a professional thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets. He is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for a task considered to be impossible: &ldquo;inception&rdquo;, the implantation of another person&rsquo;s idea into a target&rsquo;s subconscious.
  * [Swamp Thing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swamp_Thing)  
    The Swamp Thing is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe. He is a humanoid/plant elemental creature, created by writer Len Wein and artist Berni Wrightson. Swamp Thing has had several humanoid or monster incarnations in various different storylines. He first appeared in _House of Secrets_ #92 (July 1971) in a stand-alone horror story set in the early 20th century. The character then returned in a solo series, set in the contemporary world and in the general DC continuity. The character is a humanoid mass of vegetable matter who fights to protect his swamp home, the environment in general, and humanity from various supernatural or terrorist threats.
  * [Captain Marvel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_Marvel_(Marvel_Comics))  
    Captain Marvel is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel&rsquo;s main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.
  * [Zatanna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zatanna)  
    Zatanna Zatara is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine in the DC Comics universe. Created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Murphy Anderson, Zatanna first appeared in _Hawkman_ #4 (October–November 1964). The character is both a stage magician and a real magician like her father Giovanni &ldquo;John&rdquo; Zatara. She is known for her involvement with the Justice League, her retconned childhood association with Batman, and her crossing of the Vertigo line with characters such as romantic partner John Constantine and protégé Timothy Hunter. She was ranked fourth in _Comics Buyer&rsquo;s Guide&rsquo;s_ &ldquo;100 Sexiest Women in Comics&rdquo; list.
  * [Dr. Fate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Fate)  
    Doctor Fate (also known as Fate) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Doctor Fate has appeared in various incarnations, with Doctor Fate being the name of several different individuals in the DC Universe who are a succession of sorcerers. The original version of the character was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Howard Sherman, and first appeared in _More Fun Comics_ #55 (May 1940).
  * _[Smallville](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smallville)_  
    _Smallville_ is an American television series developed by writer-producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, based on the DC Comics character Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series, initially broadcast by The WB, premiered on October 16, 2001. After _Smallville_&rsquo;s fifth season, The WB and UPN merged to form The CW, the series&rsquo; later United States broadcaster. _Smallville_, which ended its tenth and final season on May 13, 2011, follows Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, before he becomes known as Superman. The first four seasons focus on Clark and his friends in high school. After season five _Smallville_ ventures into adult settings, eventually focusing on his career at the Daily Planet and introducing other DC comic-book superheroes and villains.
  * [Moon Knight](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moon_Knight)  
    Moon Knight is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Doug Moench and Don Perlin, the character first appeared in _Werewolf by Night_ #32 (August 1975).
  * [Comic Geek Speak: #1574](http://www.comicgeekspeak.com/episodes/comic_geek_speak-2192.php)  
    Praise be to the Vishanti! Chris &lsquo;Sorcerer Supreme&rsquo; Eberle and Adam &#8216;Master of the Mystic Arts&rsquo; Murdough form a cabalistic collaboration to bring you this self-contained Spotlight episode about the Marvel Universe&rsquo;s expert-in-residence on all matters magical, Doctor Strange! We bring you the darksome details of every era in the good doctor&rsquo;s half-century history: his most significant storylines, his most awesome occult opponents, his most entertainingly enigmatic incantations! Download it now, True Believers&ndash;the Crimson Bands of Cyttorak compel you!

 

## Hosts

**Joseph Aleo**  
Website: [http://josephaleo.com](http://josephaleo.com/)  
Twitter: <https://twitter.com/josephaleo>

**Mikel OD**  
Website: [http://digitalracket.tumblr.com/](https://twitter.com/_tlr_)  
Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Mikel_OD](http://digitalracket.tumblr.com/)